Space-after-classlist (#418)
Shopify/theme-tools: docs/contributing.md

    theme-docs download
    ```

> 6. Note that you may have to delete the cached data directory (`~/Library/Caches/theme-liquid-docs-nodejs`) in order to see your changes.

Reviewer: Since this is general contribution docs, we should probably be a bit more specific about what this instruction is alluding to.
```suggestion
6. Note when working on changes to theme-liquid-docs: You will have to delete the cached data directory (`~/Library/Caches/theme-liquid-docs-nodejs`) in order to see changes made to `packages/theme-check-docs-updater/data`.
```
